The is a list of TODOs for random.portfolios.Rnw and also for 
the matching.portfolios package project. As each is 
accomplished, please add a DONE comment, explaining what was done.
I will read it and then delete. If there is still more to do,
I will relabel it as undone.

0) Move any relevant items from the other TODO list to this one.

1) DONE. Change name of package to "matching.portfolios"

2) DONE. Do we really need lmSolve and MatchingPortfolios in DEPENDS? If not delete them. And make sure package passes R CMD check.

3) DONE. Check in the latest version of the matching.portfolios.Rnw pdf 
into the doc directory at the end of each day.

4) DONE. Got rid of it all. Clean up the dreck from the doc directory. That is, it is fine if 
creating the vignette makes some temporary files (.tex, .log and so on) 
but these should not be part of the repository. After you delete them, 
add them to .gitignore so that they are not checked in. And I guess this 
is way it is useful to have a .gitignore that is part of the repository. 
This is a file that we all need and should use in common.

5) PARTIALLY DONE. ANGEL ADD TRAINGLES AND MAKE PRETTY. We need a figure that puts two simplexes side by side, each of which
features random sampling. The first uses uniform draws that are then
normalized. This (see the discussion in West) produces too many samples
from the "center" of the simplex. The second uses exponential draws that
are then normalized. This sample looks good. Obviously, need an extensive
comment to this figure. Again, this should be a single figure with the two
triangles side-by-side.
----

6) PLOTMIRROR. ANGEL. Figure which shows how mirror works. That is, walk the reader through, 
step-by-step, how the mirror algorithm works by showing clear graphics on a
3 stock simplex. That is, first a point is picked that is not on the simplex. 
(Show that point.) Then we figure out the direction toward the side of the
simplex. (show that direction.) Then we . . . Actually, I don't know how
mirror works, so this description may be wrong. But you get the idea.
----plotmirror does exactly this


7) PLOTMIRROR. ANGEL. Figure, again on the stocks = 3 simplex, of how hitandrun works after it
has found a point in the simplex. Show that point. Then it picks a random
direction. Then it measures the distance to the edge. And so on. Again, the
graphic will include (drawn in by hand) all the bits and pieces. And then the 
caption will have a paragraph or more which walks us through the process.

8) PLOTMIRROR. ANGEL. Figure, again on the stocks = 3 simplex, of the first 15 steps (or however
many look good, 50?) of hitandrun, showing each point connected to the 
next by a line segment. This just gives the reader a sense of how the 
algorythm explores the sample space.

